README.md, before:

# Solutions for LeetCode Problems

**Table of Contents**

- [Solutions for LeetCode Problems](#solutions-for-leetcode-problems)
  - [Introduction](#introduction)
  - [Algorithm Problems](#algorithm-problems)
  - [LICENSE](#license)

## Introduction

This repository contains solutions to various LeetCode problems. Each problem is listed in a table with the problem name, a link to the problem, the chosen language for the implementation, a link to the implementation file, and the difficulty level of the problem.

## Algorithm Problems

| #    | Problem                                                                    | Language       | Difficulty |
| ---- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------- | ---------- |
| 0001 | [Two Sum][0001]                                                            | [C++][0001cpp] | Easy       |
| 0009 | [Palindrome Number][0009]                                                  | [C++][0009cpp] | Easy       |
| 0013 | [Roman to Integer][0013]                                                   | [C++][0013cpp] | Easy       |
| 0014 | [Longest Common Prefix][0014]                                              | [C++][0014cpp] | Easy       |
| 0020 | [Valid Parentheses][0020]                                                  | [C++][0020cpp] | Easy       |
| 0021 | [Merge Two Sorted Lists][0021]                                             | [C++][0021cpp] | Easy       |
| 0026 | [Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array][0026]                                | [C++][0026cpp] | Easy       |
| 0066 | [Plus One][0066]                                                           | [C++][0066cpp] | Easy       |
| 0067 | [Add Binary][0067]                                                         | [C++][0067cpp] | Easy       |
| 0121 | [Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock][0121]                                    | [C++][0121cpp] | Easy       |
| 0125 | [Valid Palindrome][0125]                                                   | [C++][0125cpp] | Easy       |
| 0141 | [Linked List Cycle][0141]                                                  | [C++][0141cpp] | Easy       |
| 0217 | [Contains Duplicate][0217]                                                 | [C++][0217cpp] | Easy       |
| 0219 | [Contains Duplicate II][0219]                                              | [C++][0219cpp] | Easy       |
| 0344 | [Reverse String][0344]                                                     | [C++][0344cpp] | Easy       |
| 0378 | [Ransom Note][0378]                                                        | [C++][0378cpp] | Easy       |
| 0412 | [Fizz Buzz][0412]                                                          | [C++][0412cpp] | Easy       |
| 0628 | [Maximum Product of Three Numbers][0628]                                   | [C++][0628cpp] | Easy       |
| 0680 | [Valid Palindrome II][0680]                                                | [C++][0680cpp] | Easy       |
| 0771 | [Jewels and Stones][0771]                                                  | [C++][0771cpp] | Easy       |
| 0876 | [Middle of the Linked List][0876]                                          | [C++][0876cpp] | Easy       |
| 0938 | [Range Sum of BST][0938]                                                   | [C++][0938cpp] | Easy       |
| 1108 | [Defanging an IP Address][1108]                                            | [C++][1108cpp] | Easy       |
| 1281 | [Subtract the Product and Sum of Digits of an Integer][1281]               | [C++][1281cpp] | Easy       |
| 1342 | [Number of Steps to Reduce a Number to Zero][1342]                         | [C++][1342cpp] | Easy       |
| 1365 | [How Many Numbers Are Smaller Than the Current Number][1365]               | [C++][1365cpp] | Easy       |
| 1379 | [Find a Corresponding Node of a Binary Tree in a Clone of That Tree][1379] | [C++][1379cpp] | Easy       |
| 1431 | [Kids With the Greatest Number of Candies][1431]                           | [C++][1431cpp] | Easy       |
| 1470 | [Shuffle the Array][1470]                                                  | [C++][1470cpp] | Easy       |
| 1480 | [Running Sum of 1d Array][1480]                                            | [C++][1480cpp] | Easy       |
| 1486 | [XOR Operation in an Array][1486]                                          | [C++][1486cpp] | Easy       |
| 1512 | [Number of Good Pairs][1512]                                               | [C++][1512cpp] | Easy       |
| 1603 | [Design Parking System][1603]                                              | [C++][1603cpp] | Easy       |
| 1672 | [Richest Customer Wealth][1672]                                            | [C++][1672cpp] | Easy       |
| 1678 | [Goal Parser Interpretation][1678]                                         | [C++][1678cpp] | Easy       |
| 1720 | [Decode XORed Array][1720]                                                 | [C++][1720cpp] | Easy       |
| 1725 | [Number Of Rectangles That Can Form The Largest Square][1725]              | [C++][1725cpp] | Easy       |
| 1920 | [Build Array from Permutation][1920]                                       | [C++][1920cpp] | Easy       |
| 1929 | [Concatenation of Array][1929]                                             | [C++][1929cpp] | Easy       |
| 2011 | [Final Value of Variable After Performing Operations][2011]                | [C++][2011cpp] | Easy       |
| 2114 | [Maximum Number of Words Found in Sentences][2114]                         | [C++][2114cpp] | Easy       |
| 2160 | [Minimum Sum of Four Digit Number After Splitting Digits][2160]            | [C++][2160cpp] | Easy       |
| 2235 | [Add Two Integers][2235]                                                   | [C++][2235cpp] | Easy       |
| 2413 | [Smallest Even Multiple][2413]                                             | [C++][2413cpp] | Easy       |
| 2469 | [Convert the Temperature][2469]                                            | [C++][2469cpp] | Easy       |
| 2549 | [Count Distinct Numbers on Board][2549]                                    | [C++][2549cpp] | Easy       |
| 2574 | [Left and Right Sum Differences][2574]                                     | [C++][2574cpp] | Easy       |
| 2769 | [Find the Maximum Achievable Number][2769]                                 | [C++][2769cpp] | Easy       |
| 2798 | [Number of Employees Who Met the Target][2798]                             | [C++][2798cpp] | Easy       |
| 2824 | [Count Pairs Whose Sum is Less than Target][2824]                          | [C++][2824cpp] | Easy       |

## LICENSE

This project is licensed under the [LICENSE](LICENSE).

<!-- links -->

[0001]: https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/
[0001cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/948426050/
[0009]: https://leetcode.com/problems/palindrome-number/
[0009cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/948438457/
[0013]: https://leetcode.com/problems/roman-to-integer/
[0013cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/949360425/
[0014]: https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-common-prefix/
[0014cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1036936497/
[0020]: https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-parentheses/
[0020cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1036952537/
[0021]: https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-two-sorted-lists/
[0021cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1036960117/
[0026]: https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array/
[0026cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1036967711/
[0066]: https://leetcode.com/problems/plus-one/
[0066cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1039769790/
[0067]: https://leetcode.com/problems/add-binary/
[0067cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1037990830/
[0121]: https://leetcode.com/problems/best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock/
[0121cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1037934208/
[0125]: https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-palindrome/
[0125cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1037955911/
[0141]: https://leetcode.com/problems/linked-list-cycle/
[0141cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1040027578/
[0217]: https://leetcode.com/problems/contains-duplicate/
[0217cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1040044205/
[0219]: https://leetcode.com/problems/contains-duplicate-ii/
[0219cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1040064641/
[0344]: https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-string/
[0344cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1038001012/
[0378]: https://leetcode.com/problems/ransom-note/
[0378cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1036903851/
[0412]: https://leetcode.com/problems/fizz-buzz/
[0412cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1036866232/
[0628]: https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-product-of-three-numbers/
[0628cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1037692372/
[0680]: https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-palindrome-ii/
[0680cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1037968613/
[0771]: https://leetcode.com/problems/jewels-and-stones/
[0771cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1050861136/
[0876]: https://leetcode.com/problems/middle-of-the-linked-list/
[0876cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1036889642/
[0938]: https://leetcode.com/problems/range-sum-of-bst/
[0938cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1051825768/
[1108]: https://leetcode.com/problems/defanging-an-ip-address/
[1108cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1048635629/
[1281]: https://leetcode.com/problems/subtract-the-product-and-sum-of-digits-of-an-integer/
[1281cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1051743818/
[1342]: https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-steps-to-reduce-a-number-to-zero/
[1342cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1036875175/
[1365]: https://leetcode.com/problems/how-many-numbers-are-smaller-than-the-current-number/
[1365cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1051734090/
[1379]: https://leetcode.com/problems/find-a-corresponding-node-of-a-binary-tree-in-a-clone-of-that-tree/
[1379cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1051774944/
[1431]: https://leetcode.com/problems/kids-with-the-greatest-number-of-candies/
[1431cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1050820950/
[1470]: https://leetcode.com/problems/shuffle-the-array/
[1470cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1049530990/
[1480]: https://leetcode.com/problems/running-sum-of-1d-array/
[1480cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1036830470/
[1486]: https://leetcode.com/problems/xor-operation-in-an-array/
[1486cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1051731597/
[1512]: https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-good-pairs/
[1512cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1050836269/
[1603]: https://leetcode.com/problems/design-parking-system/
[1603cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1050856642/
[1672]: https://leetcode.com/problems/richest-customer-wealth/
[1672cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1036852316/
[1678]: https://leetcode.com/problems/goal-parser-interpretation/
[1678cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1050792706/
[1720]: https://leetcode.com/problems/decode-xored-array/
[1720cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1051833450/
[1725]: https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-rectangles-that-can-form-the-largest-square/
[1725cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1047761317/
[1920]: https://leetcode.com/problems/build-array-from-permutation/
[1920cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1048619629/
[1929]: https://leetcode.com/problems/concatenation-of-array/
[1929cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1047738300/
[2011]: https://leetcode.com/problems/final-value-of-variable-after-performing-operations/
[2011cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1049539828/
[2114]: https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-number-of-words-found-in-sentences/
[2114cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1051739013/
[2160]: https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-sum-of-four-digit-number-after-splitting-digits/
[2160cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1051749058/
[2235]: https://leetcode.com/problems/add-two-integers/
[2235cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1050810723/
[2413]: https://leetcode.com/problems/smallest-even-multiple/
[2413cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1050815450/
[2469]: https://leetcode.com/problems/convert-the-temperature/
[2469cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1048639718/
[2549]: https://leetcode.com/problems/count-distinct-numbers-on-board/
[2549cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1038006278/
[2574]: https://leetcode.com/problems/left-and-right-sum-differences/
[2574cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1051760337/
[2769]: https://leetcode.com/problems/find-the-maximum-achievable-number/
[2769cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1049548431/
[2798]: https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-employees-who-met-the-target/
[2798cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1050823191/
[2824]: https://leetcode.com/problems/count-pairs-whose-sum-is-less-than-target/
[2824cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1050808683/

Commit message:

1389. Create Target Array in the Given Order

README.md, after:

# Solutions for LeetCode Problems

**Table of Contents**

- [Solutions for LeetCode Problems](#solutions-for-leetcode-problems)
  - [Introduction](#introduction)
  - [Algorithm Problems](#algorithm-problems)
  - [LICENSE](#license)

## Introduction

This repository contains solutions to various LeetCode problems. Each problem is listed in a table with the problem name, a link to the problem, the chosen language for the implementation, a link to the implementation file, and the difficulty level of the problem.

## Algorithm Problems

| #    | Problem                                                                    | Language       | Difficulty |
| ---- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------- | ---------- |
| 0001 | [Two Sum][0001]                                                            | [C++][0001cpp] | Easy       |
| 0009 | [Palindrome Number][0009]                                                  | [C++][0009cpp] | Easy       |
| 0013 | [Roman to Integer][0013]                                                   | [C++][0013cpp] | Easy       |
| 0014 | [Longest Common Prefix][0014]                                              | [C++][0014cpp] | Easy       |
| 0020 | [Valid Parentheses][0020]                                                  | [C++][0020cpp] | Easy       |
| 0021 | [Merge Two Sorted Lists][0021]                                             | [C++][0021cpp] | Easy       |
| 0026 | [Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array][0026]                                | [C++][0026cpp] | Easy       |
| 0066 | [Plus One][0066]                                                           | [C++][0066cpp] | Easy       |
| 0067 | [Add Binary][0067]                                                         | [C++][0067cpp] | Easy       |
| 0121 | [Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock][0121]                                    | [C++][0121cpp] | Easy       |
| 0125 | [Valid Palindrome][0125]                                                   | [C++][0125cpp] | Easy       |
| 0141 | [Linked List Cycle][0141]                                                  | [C++][0141cpp] | Easy       |
| 0217 | [Contains Duplicate][0217]                                                 | [C++][0217cpp] | Easy       |
| 0219 | [Contains Duplicate II][0219]                                              | [C++][0219cpp] | Easy       |
| 0344 | [Reverse String][0344]                                                     | [C++][0344cpp] | Easy       |
| 0378 | [Ransom Note][0378]                                                        | [C++][0378cpp] | Easy       |
| 0412 | [Fizz Buzz][0412]                                                          | [C++][0412cpp] | Easy       |
| 0628 | [Maximum Product of Three Numbers][0628]                                   | [C++][0628cpp] | Easy       |
| 0680 | [Valid Palindrome II][0680]                                                | [C++][0680cpp] | Easy       |
| 0771 | [Jewels and Stones][0771]                                                  | [C++][0771cpp] | Easy       |
| 0876 | [Middle of the Linked List][0876]                                          | [C++][0876cpp] | Easy       |
| 0938 | [Range Sum of BST][0938]                                                   | [C++][0938cpp] | Easy       |
| 1108 | [Defanging an IP Address][1108]                                            | [C++][1108cpp] | Easy       |
| 1281 | [Subtract the Product and Sum of Digits of an Integer][1281]               | [C++][1281cpp] | Easy       |
| 1342 | [Number of Steps to Reduce a Number to Zero][1342]                         | [C++][1342cpp] | Easy       |
| 1365 | [How Many Numbers Are Smaller Than the Current Number][1365]               | [C++][1365cpp] | Easy       |
| 1379 | [Find a Corresponding Node of a Binary Tree in a Clone of That Tree][1379] | [C++][1379cpp] | Easy       |
| 1389 | [Create Target Array in the Given Order][1389]                             | [C++][1389cpp] | Easy       |
| 1431 | [Kids With the Greatest Number of Candies][1431]                           | [C++][1431cpp] | Easy       |
| 1470 | [Shuffle the Array][1470]                                                  | [C++][1470cpp] | Easy       |
| 1480 | [Running Sum of 1d Array][1480]                                            | [C++][1480cpp] | Easy       |
| 1486 | [XOR Operation in an Array][1486]                                          | [C++][1486cpp] | Easy       |
| 1512 | [Number of Good Pairs][1512]                                               | [C++][1512cpp] | Easy       |
| 1603 | [Design Parking System][1603]                                              | [C++][1603cpp] | Easy       |
| 1672 | [Richest Customer Wealth][1672]                                            | [C++][1672cpp] | Easy       |
| 1678 | [Goal Parser Interpretation][1678]                                         | [C++][1678cpp] | Easy       |
| 1720 | [Decode XORed Array][1720]                                                 | [C++][1720cpp] | Easy       |
| 1725 | [Number Of Rectangles That Can Form The Largest Square][1725]              | [C++][1725cpp] | Easy       |
| 1920 | [Build Array from Permutation][1920]                                       | [C++][1920cpp] | Easy       |
| 1929 | [Concatenation of Array][1929]                                             | [C++][1929cpp] | Easy       |
| 2011 | [Final Value of Variable After Performing Operations][2011]                | [C++][2011cpp] | Easy       |
| 2114 | [Maximum Number of Words Found in Sentences][2114]                         | [C++][2114cpp] | Easy       |
| 2160 | [Minimum Sum of Four Digit Number After Splitting Digits][2160]            | [C++][2160cpp] | Easy       |
| 2235 | [Add Two Integers][2235]                                                   | [C++][2235cpp] | Easy       |
| 2413 | [Smallest Even Multiple][2413]                                             | [C++][2413cpp] | Easy       |
| 2469 | [Convert the Temperature][2469]                                            | [C++][2469cpp] | Easy       |
| 2549 | [Count Distinct Numbers on Board][2549]                                    | [C++][2549cpp] | Easy       |
| 2574 | [Left and Right Sum Differences][2574]                                     | [C++][2574cpp] | Easy       |
| 2769 | [Find the Maximum Achievable Number][2769]                                 | [C++][2769cpp] | Easy       |
| 2798 | [Number of Employees Who Met the Target][2798]                             | [C++][2798cpp] | Easy       |
| 2824 | [Count Pairs Whose Sum is Less than Target][2824]                          | [C++][2824cpp] | Easy       |

## LICENSE

This project is licensed under the [LICENSE](LICENSE).

<!-- links -->

[0001]: https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/
[0001cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/948426050/
[0009]: https://leetcode.com/problems/palindrome-number/
[0009cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/948438457/
[0013]: https://leetcode.com/problems/roman-to-integer/
[0013cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/949360425/
[0014]: https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-common-prefix/
[0014cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1036936497/
[0020]: https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-parentheses/
[0020cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1036952537/
[0021]: https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-two-sorted-lists/
[0021cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1036960117/
[0026]: https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array/
[0026cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1036967711/
[0066]: https://leetcode.com/problems/plus-one/
[0066cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1039769790/
[0067]: https://leetcode.com/problems/add-binary/
[0067cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1037990830/
[0121]: https://leetcode.com/problems/best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock/
[0121cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1037934208/
[0125]: https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-palindrome/
[0125cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1037955911/
[0141]: https://leetcode.com/problems/linked-list-cycle/
[0141cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1040027578/
[0217]: https://leetcode.com/problems/contains-duplicate/
[0217cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1040044205/
[0219]: https://leetcode.com/problems/contains-duplicate-ii/
[0219cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1040064641/
[0344]: https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-string/
[0344cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1038001012/
[0378]: https://leetcode.com/problems/ransom-note/
[0378cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1036903851/
[0412]: https://leetcode.com/problems/fizz-buzz/
[0412cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1036866232/
[0628]: https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-product-of-three-numbers/
[0628cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1037692372/
[0680]: https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-palindrome-ii/
[0680cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1037968613/
[0771]: https://leetcode.com/problems/jewels-and-stones/
[0771cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1050861136/
[0876]: https://leetcode.com/problems/middle-of-the-linked-list/
[0876cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1036889642/
[0938]: https://leetcode.com/problems/range-sum-of-bst/
[0938cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1051825768/
[1108]: https://leetcode.com/problems/defanging-an-ip-address/
[1108cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1048635629/
[1281]: https://leetcode.com/problems/subtract-the-product-and-sum-of-digits-of-an-integer/
[1281cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1051743818/
[1342]: https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-steps-to-reduce-a-number-to-zero/
[1342cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1036875175/
[1365]: https://leetcode.com/problems/how-many-numbers-are-smaller-than-the-current-number/
[1365cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1051734090/
[1379]: https://leetcode.com/problems/find-a-corresponding-node-of-a-binary-tree-in-a-clone-of-that-tree/
[1379cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1051774944/
[1389]: https://leetcode.com/problems/create-target-array-in-the-given-order/
[1389cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1051840440/
[1431]: https://leetcode.com/problems/kids-with-the-greatest-number-of-candies/
[1431cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1050820950/
[1470]: https://leetcode.com/problems/shuffle-the-array/
[1470cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1049530990/
[1480]: https://leetcode.com/problems/running-sum-of-1d-array/
[1480cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1036830470/
[1486]: https://leetcode.com/problems/xor-operation-in-an-array/
[1486cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1051731597/
[1512]: https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-good-pairs/
[1512cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1050836269/
[1603]: https://leetcode.com/problems/design-parking-system/
[1603cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1050856642/
[1672]: https://leetcode.com/problems/richest-customer-wealth/
[1672cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1036852316/
[1678]: https://leetcode.com/problems/goal-parser-interpretation/
[1678cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1050792706/
[1720]: https://leetcode.com/problems/decode-xored-array/
[1720cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1051833450/
[1725]: https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-rectangles-that-can-form-the-largest-square/
[1725cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1047761317/
[1920]: https://leetcode.com/problems/build-array-from-permutation/
[1920cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1048619629/
[1929]: https://leetcode.com/problems/concatenation-of-array/
[1929cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1047738300/
[2011]: https://leetcode.com/problems/final-value-of-variable-after-performing-operations/
[2011cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1049539828/
[2114]: https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-number-of-words-found-in-sentences/
[2114cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1051739013/
[2160]: https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-sum-of-four-digit-number-after-splitting-digits/
[2160cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1051749058/
[2235]: https://leetcode.com/problems/add-two-integers/
[2235cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1050810723/
[2413]: https://leetcode.com/problems/smallest-even-multiple/
[2413cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1050815450/
[2469]: https://leetcode.com/problems/convert-the-temperature/
[2469cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1048639718/
[2549]: https://leetcode.com/problems/count-distinct-numbers-on-board/
[2549cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1038006278/
[2574]: https://leetcode.com/problems/left-and-right-sum-differences/
[2574cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1051760337/
[2769]: https://leetcode.com/problems/find-the-maximum-achievable-number/
[2769cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1049548431/
[2798]: https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-employees-who-met-the-target/
[2798cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1050823191/
[2824]: https://leetcode.com/problems/count-pairs-whose-sum-is-less-than-target/
[2824cpp]: https://leetcode.com/submissions/detail/1050808683/
